here we go we're underway here to cadet
champions going at it Nelson
winning it last year Foster this year
pretty good match
yeah there you said it harms man that
was beautiful goes to a high gut here
great transition to that turn those the
legs in Maya Nelson wasting no time
whatsoever here going to work
interesting position here for having
good defense in that Bulldog position
they're elevating that leg to prevent
Nelson's we're taking her over
Nelson work sitting on an underhook
drives that tries Annie pegs Jeff City
gets another two point take down near
the edge now trying to get into that on
maybe a cradle here now she's back to a
kind of headlock she called out the
Bulldog biostack all Botta I'd like to
put some people call a cement job so all
right we'll go with Bulldog Michigan is
under hook on the right side there pick
again yeah looks for an ice wizard from
foster here working close to the edge
here no points yet I think they're gonna
go one blue white paddle no points
they're square stays 4-0 there's that
arm spin again I also try to pop her
head out he's gonna come behind get her
to increase it 6-0 see if she
transitions to a trap arm here no foster
able to get her arm out goes back around
the head likes to punish nice cross face
back to that Bulldog position here
good work on top but unable to get a
turn there and we're back on our feet
over-under position now
now listen back in now underhook no
points there Foster trying to drive in a
little bit now here you're under over
we go out a balance issue they're gonna
score this we're gonna go one blue on
the edge here Maya Nelson goes to 7-0 25
seconds left in this first period at 125
pounds
it's 12 seconds to go underhook for
nelson looking for our trip there but
that's going to do it for the first
period it'll be 7-0 leave for Maya
Nelson so we head to the break
in the corner there from my announcement
you have a cell Lucas another veteran on
the senior circuit actually retired the
other day after um the woman's face two
World Team Trials left her shoes on the
mat great career for her vessels for the
army world class Avila program based out
of Colorado Springs
and we're back to action here Nelson
backing on that under the circles out of
it's moving in the open a little bit
here
now listen a delivery shot foster gets
into a front headlock position else
doing a good job they're staying heavy
on air tight on that elbow not giving up
position this is uh is one of the best
positions Foster's had you really want
to see her capitalize here but unable to
do so as getting Nelson out of out of
positions been been tough going for her
so far she doesn't give him any
opportunities
I mentioned earlier Nelson says good job
of staying position controlling the
positions that she wants to be in
wrestling her pace of the match got a
good job getting her attacks that knee
picked that arm spin is gonna work Oh
tie here foster driving in a little bit
doesn't backing on that other hook in a
Whizzer position on the mat no points
yet both athletes still trying to score
here doesn't look arms out arm gets to
and has a gut locked up
and I turn here would do it for Nelson
trying to work a Turk here we've got an
eye no lead here 133 to go back up
nice high crotch go to womb and that
there was exposure there Tyrell it
though that would have done it at have
they gone through was she still working
on the finish eleven zero tech fall Maya
Nelson is gonna win her second junior
national title pounds Wow unbelievable
and only a junior - congratulations to
Maya dominant throughout the entire
tournament that last tag was night